time for at the youtubes with the corn
ball and mr. pivot where we take a look
at today's rising youtube videos now the
corn ball alright welcome back everybody
this is the core ball and yeah that's
mr. pivot he we've stopped filming a
little bit here because he had a little
accident here's a picture of him after
his accident he was in bad shape but how
you feeling now mr. Priven feeling
better all the time I feel like every
second I keep I keep peeling oh I feel
awesome pick that back all right well
you're looking better so so what do we
wear we got for us today here on the
youtubes looks like we got something
titled the dog then eats with its own
human hands not sure why the human hands
is capitalized but i believe it's for a
very good reason that's right well van
want to find videographers on the tubes
that use a hot capitalization this one
is x ray william jones town from
somewhere so on earth so where's our wha
yeah why don't we get it right it oh oh
I can't guarantee its on earth because
I've never seen a dog with human hands
well that's a good point mr. pivot okay
all right go fullscreen oh ok so yes
what is he eating but that is definitely
a dog I would say a girl dog based at
the hands maybe and the long hair yeah
this what does this dog eating it's
eating something out of a bowl I sure I
sure hope that's not paper
I don't know what that is and I actually
wasn't aware that there was a dog that
had thumbs yeah is that looks like a pit
bull on though I'm no dog expert but I
watched the dog show that looks like a
pit bull or something to me mr. well
yeah that's true you you are not a dog
experts we established that that'll be
good that would know what hey you're a
dog later whoa oh that must have been
really good maybe it was kentucky fried
chicken okay well well you're welcome
we've looked at the glutton oh if you're
looking for a dog eating with his own
hands check out raywilliamjohnson
channels from Ireland Ireland oh I've
heard in Ireland they have some hot dogs
yes yeah that'd that'd explain we should
have known that was an Irish setter I
explain let's see alright thanks thanks
for tuning in everybody good mr. pivot
yeah you take care cremona watch out for
grumblers I will catch it as we gonn at
the youtubes later